feat(replay): Add docs for canvas support in Replay (#8879)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/session-replay/setup/javascript.mdx

```js
// import Sentry from your framework SDK (e.g. @sentry/react) instead of @sentry/browser
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  replaysSessionSampleRate: 0.1,
  replaysOnErrorSampleRate: 1.0,

  integrations: [
    new Sentry.Replay(),

    // The following is all you need to enable canvas recording
    new Sentry.ReplayCanvas(),
  ],
});
```

#### Canvas Recording Performance

The canvas recording integration works by exporting the canvas as an image (at a rate of 2 frames per second). However, in order to export images from 3d and WebGL canvases, the integration needs to enable `preserveDrawingBuffer` which can negatively affect canvas performance. If your canvas application is impacted by enabling `preserveDrawingBuffer`, then you will need to enable manual snapshotting and call a `snapshot()` method inside of your re-paint loop:

```js

> TODO

Author: @c298lee Can you help provide an example here for setting up manual snapshotting? thanks!

> TODO;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";

Sentry.getClient().getIntegration(Sentry.ReplayCanvas).snapshot();
```

Reviewer: this only works if the option:`enableManualSnapshot:true` is set in ReplayCanvas, but I'm not sure where to add that

const { Replay } = await import("@sentry/browser");
Sentry.addIntegration(new Replay());
```

### Canvas Recording

<Alert level="warning">
  There is currently no PII scrubbing in canvas recordings!
</Alert>

In order to record HTML canvas elements, you will need to add an additional integration in your Sentry configuration. The canvas integration is exported from the browser SDK, so no additional package is required. Canvas recording is opt-in and will be tree-shaken from your bundle if it is not used:

```js
// import Sentry from your framework SDK (e.g. @sentry/react) instead of @sentry/browser
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  replaysSessionSampleRate: 0.1,
  replaysOnErrorSampleRate: 1.0,

>   integrations: [
>     new Sentry.Replay(),
> 
>     // The following is all you need to enable canvas recording
>     new Sentry.ReplayCanvas(),
>   ],

Reviewer 2: Something about how you still do need the 2 integrations...

```suggestion
  integrations: [
    // Keep the Replay integration as before
    new Sentry.Replay(),

    // The following is all you need to enable canvas recording with Replay
    new Sentry.ReplayCanvas(),
  ],
```

});
```

> #### Canvas Recording Performance

Reviewer 2: I'd move this out of the setup page if not everyone will encounter it. 

Maybe into troubleshooting is better, then from here we can link over to it.

Author: I'd prefer to keep the instructions out of troubleshooting, I think troubleshooting -> docs is better as folks should be aware of the perf implications when running canvas while setting it up. It could make sense to have this in configuration and point both troubleshooting + setup to the configuration page.

Reviewer 2: fair

im down to keep it simple. I do think after the docs -> nextjs migration happens we should look at adding some more pages into our left sidebar for replay in order to make things easier to find. the right-sidebar of pages like troubleshooting are hard for me to parse.

> The canvas recording integration works by exporting the canvas as an image (at a rate of 2 frames per second). However, in order to export images from 3d and WebGL canvases, the integration needs to enable `preserveDrawingBuffer` which can negatively affect canvas performance. If your canvas application is impacted by enabling `preserveDrawingBuffer`, then you will need to enable manual snapshotting and call a `snapshot()` method inside of your re-paint loop. There are two things you must do in order to use manual snapshotting: first you must enable it when initializing the `ReplayCanvas` integration:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The canvas recording integration works by exporting the canvas as an image (at a rate of 2 frames per second). However, in order to export images from 3D and WebGL canvases, the integration needs to enable `preserveDrawingBuffer` which can negatively affect canvas performance. If your canvas application is impacted by enabling `preserveDrawingBuffer`, then you will need to enable manual snapshotting and call a `snapshot()` method inside of your re-paint loop. There are two things you must do in order to use manual snapshotting: first you must enable it when initializing the `ReplayCanvas` integration:
```

const { Replay } = await import("@sentry/browser");
Sentry.addIntegration(new Replay());
```

### Canvas Recording

<Alert level="warning">
  There is currently no PII scrubbing in canvas recordings!
</Alert>

<Alert level="">
  Canvas recording is in beta and currently only available to{" "}
  <a href="/product/accounts/early-adopter-features/">early adopters</a>
</Alert>

> In order to record HTML canvas elements, you will need to add an additional integration in your Sentry configuration. The canvas integration is exported from the browser SDK, so no additional package is required. Canvas recording is opt-in and will be tree-shaken from your bundle if it is not used:
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want to record HTML canvas elements, you'll need to add an additional integration in your Sentry configuration. The canvas integration is exported from the browser SDK, so no additional package is required. Canvas recording is opt-in and will be tree-shaken from your bundle if it's not being used:

```

import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  replaysSessionSampleRate: 0.1,
  replaysOnErrorSampleRate: 1.0,

  integrations: [
    // Keep the Replay integration as before
    new Sentry.Replay(),

    // The following is all you need to enable canvas recording with Replay
    new Sentry.ReplayCanvas(),
  ],
});
```

```html {tabTitle: CDN}
<!-- Existing script tag for bundle with replay, error, and performance monitoring -->
<script
  src="https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/{{@inject packages.version('sentry.javascript.browser') }}/bundle.tracing.replay.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-{{@inject packages.checksum('sentry.javascript.browser', 'bundle.tracing.replay.min.js', 'sha384-base64') }}"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>

<!-- New script tag for the canvas replay integration -->
<script
  src="https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/{{@inject packages.version('sentry.javascript.browser') }}/replay-canvas.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-{{@inject packages.checksum('sentry.javascript.browser', 'replay-canvas.min.js', 'sha384-base64') }}"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>
```

> #### Canvas Recording Performance

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#### 3D and WebGL Canvases
```

> The canvas recording integration works by exporting the canvas as an image (at a rate of 2 frames per second). However, in order to export images from 3D and WebGL canvases, the integration needs to enable `preserveDrawingBuffer` which can negatively affect canvas performance. If your canvas application is impacted by enabling `preserveDrawingBuffer`, then you will need to enable manual snapshotting and call a `snapshot()` method inside of your re-paint loop. There are two things you must do in order to use manual snapshotting: first you must enable it when initializing the `ReplayCanvas` integration:
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The canvas recording integration works by exporting the canvas as an image (at a rate of 2 frames per second). However, in order to export images from 3D and WebGL canvases, the integration needs to enable `preserveDrawingBuffer` which can negatively affect canvas performance. If your canvas application is impacted by enabling `preserveDrawingBuffer`, you'll need to enable manual snapshotting and call a `snapshot()` method inside of your re-paint loop. There are two steps to using manual snapshotting: 

**Step 1.** 
Enable manual snapshotting when initializing the `ReplayCanvas` integration.

```

```javascript
new Sentry.ReplayCanvas({
  // Enabling the following will ensure your canvas elements are not forced
  // into `preserveDrawingBuffer`.
  enableManualSnapshot: true,
});
```

> Next, you need to call the the following `snapshot()` method inside of your application's paint loop. `snapshot()` needs to be called in the same execution loop as the canvas draw commands, otherwise you may be snapshotting empty canvas buffers. This is due to how WebGL works when `preserveDrawingBuffer` is `false`.
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Step 2**
Call the the following `snapshot()` method inside your application's paint loop. `snapshot()` needs to be called in the same execution loop as the canvas draw commands, otherwise you may be snapshotting empty canvas buffers. This is due to how WebGL works when `preserveDrawingBuffer` is `false`.

```
